fix: disallow QQuantity with derived units (#342)
pyapp-kit/superqt: docs/widgets/qquantity.md

app.exec()
```

!!! note

    `QQuantity` currently support simple units with exponents, e.g., `meters^2` or

>     `1/second`. However, non-simple units, e.g. `meter/second`, `Newton`, etc.,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `QQuantity` currently supports simple units with exponents, e.g., `meters^2` or
    `1/second`. However, compound units, e.g. `meter/second`, `Newton`, etc.,
```
